README.md, before:

# image-panner
We're panning (they're images).

curl https://unpkg.com/ffmpeg.js@3.1.9001/ffmpeg-worker-mp4.js -o ffmpeg-worker-mp4.js
https://github.com/Kagami/ffmpeg.js/

/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --allow-file-access-from-files

python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000

https://fjorge.com/insights/blog/can-bezier-curves-be-quickly-parameterized-by-arc-length/

https://gist.github.com/ilblog/5fa2914e0ad666bbb85745dbf4b3f106#file-clock-html-L8

https://github.com/feathericons/feather#license

## Things to do
1. Make it so that zooming happens centered on your mouse
2. Make it so that you can't include white?
3. Clear the window modal properly.
4. UI pass.
5. Hover/highlight/help text on where to drop.
6. Proper image handling of different filetypes.
7. Proper error message handling in the modal.
8. Fix the loop button.
9. Make it so that you can't select white.
10. Make it so that you can see the full path that it will follow?
11. Adjust the min zoom?
12. Make it so that you can delete a frame?
13. Make it so that you can adjust a frame?
14. Make it so that you can linger in some places for longer.

## Author's Note
If you're interested in programatically following bezier curves with ffmpeg's `zoompan`, I used to have this functionality until I ran into an inability to reparametize the curves by arc-length for smooth camera moves, and swapped to a fully in-browser solution. The relevant code is working around `62379f45044fd8b7254680064ad89b1367d3c420` or `9cdc77ba912cbb9914bdb120afd2f9cbf168a77e`.

Commit message:

Make zooming be where your cursor is

README.md, after:

# image-panner
We're panning (they're images).

curl https://unpkg.com/ffmpeg.js@3.1.9001/ffmpeg-worker-mp4.js -o ffmpeg-worker-mp4.js
https://github.com/Kagami/ffmpeg.js/

/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --allow-file-access-from-files

python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000

https://fjorge.com/insights/blog/can-bezier-curves-be-quickly-parameterized-by-arc-length/

https://gist.github.com/ilblog/5fa2914e0ad666bbb85745dbf4b3f106#file-clock-html-L8

https://github.com/feathericons/feather#license

## Things to do
3. Clear the window modal properly.
4. UI pass.
5. Hover/highlight/help text on where to drop.
6. Proper image handling of different filetypes.
7. Proper error message handling in the modal.
8. Fix the loop button.
9. Make it so that you can't select white.
10. Make it so that you can see the full path that it will follow?
11. Adjust the min zoom?
12. Make it so that you can delete a frame?
14. Make it so that you can linger in some places for longer.

## Known bugs
1. When you move a frame, the layer preview doesn't update

## Author's Note
If you're interested in programatically following bezier curves with ffmpeg's `zoompan`, I used to have this functionality until I ran into an inability to reparametize the curves by arc-length for smooth camera moves, and swapped to a fully in-browser solution. The relevant code is working around `62379f45044fd8b7254680064ad89b1367d3c420` or `9cdc77ba912cbb9914bdb120afd2f9cbf168a77e`.
